# 2. CWRU Features Classification

## Introduction

Due in 1 week.

**Read the paper and understand the whole process**

This Assignment is implementation a part of classification in the literature

* Rauber, T. W., de Assis Boldt, F., & Varejao, F. M. (2015, January). Heterogeneous Feature Models and Feature Selection Applied to Bearing Fault Diagnosis. IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).

**Apply KNN and SVM classification methods with all features**

**Apply KNN and SVM classification methods with Selected features by Forward/Backward eliminiation**

* Read here: https://kr.mathworks.com/help/stats/sequentialfs.html

**Apply KNN and SVM classification with Reduce feature dimension by PCA or LDA**

* Read here: https://kr.mathworks.com/help/stats/pca.html?lang=en

You have to show necessary steps and plots/data with proper comments

Which gives the best evaluation performance on Test set? Also try to optimize KNN and SVM

## Preparation

Download Template MATLAB Source file ([download here)](https://github.com/ykkimhgu/HGU_IAIA/tree/main/Assignment/Assignment_Classification_%20CWRUsmall)

## Dataset

Given: Feature Extracted from CWRU bearing dataset

Use the feature extracted results from Assignment: FeatureExtraction CWRU IAIA\_Assignment\_CWRU\_FeatureExtraction\_student.mlx

You are provided with train and test dataset consists of CWRU data features.

You can refer to the previous Assignment: FeatureExtraction CWRU IAIA\_Assignment\_CWRU\_FeatureExtraction\_student.mlx

[Download here](https://github.com/ykkimhgu/HGU_IAIA/blob/main/Dataset/CWRU_small_featureData_Classfication_Assignment.zip)

* [CWRU\_small\_featureData\_Classfication\_Assignment.zip](https://github.com/ykkimhgu/HGU_IAIA/blob/main/Dataset/CWRU_small_featureData_Classfication_Assignment.zip)

Classes:

* Normal / Outer Race fault / Inner Race fault / Ball fault

The given data is divided by Train set and Test set

**Note**

Training. K-fold, cross-validation is performed on Train Dataset only.

Test dataset is used for Evaluation.
